Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Come on, hurry up!
We're late, on stage!
- Did someone see the baby?
- Where do you put it?
- Behind !
- I'll see if the audience is there.
Someone saw the baby!
The spectators are there, quickly!
- Someone saw the baby!
- Did you look in the closet!
- Oh, yes, the wardrobe.
- Where should I put the tree?
We said the tree behind.
- Hey, did you see the baby?
- I think he was there.
- And you, did you see the pig?
- He just passed.
Oh good.
We are not ready, the
spectators wait.
You, do the intro for the
urge someone to wait.
- What now ?
- Yes.
I'm not ready.
Well, hello dear public.
Welcome to our show, we
are the troupe of the flowered val
and we are going to
interpret three pieces.
The first is entitled
a baby to deliver.
This is the story of a stork
We can not find the baby anymore
must change title.
- What do you mean ?
- Because there are no more babies.
- What do you replace it with?
- Good question.
Guys, I found, we
replaced by a watermelon.
Ah, good, very good.
Our first will be titled
a watermelon to deliver.
This is the story of a stork who
must deliver a baby watermelon
to his watermelon parents and who ...
It's ok, we found the baby.
Ah, where was he?
Behind the watermelon.
All right, ladies and gentlemen,
here, a baby to deliver!
We are not ready,
we are not ready!
Excuse us, we are not
not quite ready
Take this !
- The scale !
- I'm taking care of it !
AH!
It's good, we're ready!
Ladies and gentlemen,
a baby to deliver!
- What are you doing ?
- Well, I ... garden!
- I will help you !
- No, no, that's nice.
- It'll be fine.
- What are you doing ?
- We garden.
- I love it, I'll help you.
No, thank you, I do not need help.
I cut it!
You know, do not touch my beans,
it's hard enough to grow.
- OK.
- Well, I cut weeds.
- That's it !
- What about me?
Yeah, squash!
Stop, what are you doing?
Ben I cut the bad
herbs, that's what you told me!
But, these are not bad
herbs, they are carrots.
STOP, it's toxic!
- Mmmmmm!
- What?
It is to eliminate the caterpillars.
But there is not any
caterpillars, come on, ouste!
There may be no caterpillars,
but there are huge pests.
These are tomatoes!
So, I stopped your
tomato invasion.
- It's not true !
- Do not thank me, especially.
Well, what to do now!
Nothing, leave the camp!
Hula, we do that to help!
It's okay, go elsewhere!
Do not you want this tree to be cut?
I warn you, the first
who touches my apple tree!
- Wow !
- A baby !
I'm a dad.
But where does it come from?
Rrrh!
Ah!
Ah, I'm suffering!
What happened to you ?
I was flying peacefully
when all of a sudden....
this tree hit me.
Oh no, this is an apple tree.
The violence of shock
broke my wings.
I can not fly anymore.
You can stay, the time that
it repairs, it does not matter.
Not serious, but it's
a disaster !
A tragedy !
If I do not deliver on time
this little girl, she will be an orphan.
Unless someone devotes himself
to do it for me.
What, but I'm only one
pig, I do not know how to do that.
No worries, it's very easy.
- No, it's impossible.
- Make an effort !
Enough, do not insist.
Would you dare to give up this child?
We can take care of it!
- I'll take care of it, finally.
Certainly not, you
are only a pig.
- You do not know how to do it.
- But if !
- It's easy.
- That's enough, do not insist!
Here, her name is Pauline.
Here is his bottle and his address.
Thank you and have a good trip !
Wait, you do not realize!
What is the problem ?
But they are unable to
take care of a baby.
These are public dangers.
Listen, it's not because
you do not like children
that we must prevent
others to take care of it.
But, look at them, they are .....
Where are they ?
- You're sure it'll work!
- But yes !
There is the address to deliver.
Of course, if you throw hard enough,
there will be no problem.
Here we go !
STOP, stop, you are crazy!
Put this rope.
A baby in a catapult,
it's too dangerous.
Well, it was just for
send her home.
Come on, come here!
Now, bring this baby back to the stork.
Oh, hey, that's okay, here we go.
AH!
You know, I thought, the catapult
is not a good idea.
And if we went on foot!
- That's a good idea
- Oh no,
You do not understand,
we're not going anywhere,
we bring this baby back to the stork.
- We can not handle it.
- Of course if, on the road!
Because you know where Avignon is!
Of course, it's at .....
We will ask.
I thought I understood that
you go to Avignon.
We, we know well, we go
every summer with the family.
It's not complicated, when
you are at the crossroads,
the 4th on the right is 782.
Do not take it, go straight;
then take the 2nd left
turn right, immediately
on the left, the roundabout
- you take.....
- Atchoum!
It's pollen.
I found someone to help us.
Here, Mr. Wolf!
Hello, gentlemen!
I have to eat before leaving.
Go ahead, no problem.
But, it's a wolf!
- Mr. Wolf is a wolf.
- Do not stay here.
- He will eat us.
- No, he's having a snack.
- It's ready soon.
- Take your time.
Do not stay here!
Excuse him, he's in a hurry,
we do not have to .....
- leave immediately.
- At table !
You were right !
The truck !
At first, he looked nice!
- Hum, ah!
Good idea, the truck!
No, I think I forgot
the bottle in the truck.
Ah, you scared me, I thought
that you had forgotten the baby.
- I do not believe that.
- Do not worry, we'll find her.
We found her!
Pauline!
We were so afraid of losing you.
Do not worry, we stop the nonsense.
Go, on the way!
We'll deliver it, this baby, hang on!
How to start this thing!
My truck!
Here we go, now,
where are we going ?
- We must turn there.
- No, it's on the other side.
Do what I tell you, it's
me watching.
It's you or me driving!
- Over there.
- Not at all.
Give me the card.
- So there it is !
- No, thank you, it's you driving.
The baby, where is Pauline?
- Not here.
- Not here either.
But where is she, Pauline!
Water is your element, go get it.
- Slowly !
- What, gently?
Yes, that is, in fact,
Uh, you'll laugh, but
I do not know how to swim.
What, but float!
It's good, I found a way to .....
go find Pauline
safely.
Wait ... uh, I'm going
maybe come with you.
Right, left ..... very well!
Gently, that's right!
We arrive.......
I hold you, it's good,
we can go !
Who do you say thank you, Pauline!
Ouch, wow!
Uh, are you ok?
You are angry !
Come on, do not worry, we do
a good team, three!
We will get there, look, we have
a car to go faster.
Come and see, it's thundering, a
little gas, a match and ...
That's it, we give up!
What do you mean !
We stop the fees, we come back to the farm.
And Pauline, we have to bring her back
at their parents place.
His parents, we do not know
not even where it is!
We left for 8 hours and we
is still 200 m from the farm!
Oh, you're exaggerating!
There is, at least, 300 m!
Remember what the stork said,
if we do nothing, she will be an orphan.
With us, she was almost
devoured by a wolf,
kidnapped by a butcher
not to mention the catapult she
nearly drowned in a lake.
Is it good for a baby?
And you acted without thinking,
you are two morons!
- Oh yes, you think without acting.
- Well, we try at least.
So, try without me.
(Baby's words)
Oh, sorry, Pauline!
We must face the facts,
we can not take care of you.
We must entrust you to humans,
they will take care of you.
Hey, there are two coming.
Uh, no, not those!
- Ah, ah ...
- Chum!
Ah!
But what is this ?
Rabbit!
You killed him, assassins!
Rabbit, talk to me!
- Pauline!
- You saved her life.
I can leave alone.
Stay with us, Rabbit!
- I'm in a tunnel!
- No.
- I see a light at the bottom.
- Turn back.
Someone is talking to me!
It's a carrot, she wants
I'm eating it, I'm coming!
What is this,
a dart!
Stop, he's not dead.
He's just drugged.
Humans shot him with
a dart of tranquilizer.
- He is really calm!
- Bizarre, it's for wild beasts.
- It's broken.
- Thanks, I noticed.
Well, where is the rabbit?
- Is it there!
- Uh, I do not think so.
Ask him !
- Go ahead, you know him better.
- Yes, but you ask the questions better.
- Rabbit, is it you?
- Carrot!
- Yeah, I'm ....
- It's good, we're leaving.
- ????? ???????? ?????????? ?? ...
- ????? ???????? ?????????? ?? ....
- I did not understand.
????? ???????? ?????????? ?? !
How are you feeling better?
Er, yes, where are we?
- In the forest, you remember!
- Who is he ?
- We do not really know.
- ????? ???????? ?????????? ?? ....
????? ???????? ?????????? ?? ...
????? ???????? ?????????? ?? ..
Yes, he speaks to us since yesterday
evening and we do not understand anything.
He says he comes from China
and escaped from the zoo
and last night's humans have
tried to capture him.
????? ???????? ?????????? ??
- Do you speak Chinese?
- Yes.
????? ???????? ?????????? ??
- What's he saying ?
- Thank you.
Why ?
He wants to go home, so I told him
says that it can be sent by mail.
We put it in a package, a
Chinese address and hop!
- He arrives directly at home.
- Direct at home!
Yes N !
You are a genius !
???? ???? ?? ??????? ???????
Come on, you'll be good at home.
It's time to say goodbye.
Your parents are very lucky!
Yes N !
Who am I, goodbye, Pauline!
Now, you have to drop those packages.
I have an idea.
Oh, no, it's not a good idea!
I summarize, this one goes into
China and that one in Avignon.
This is the one who goes to Avignon, then!
That's it, that's what
I thought, you confirm!
Hey, there are people waiting.
Sir, you confirm!
All right, let's go.
What did you do ?
I may have switched the packages.
There is a chance in two for
Pauline go to China!
that she finds herself at home.
It is necessary to recover this parcel.
Pauline!
Do not worry, now
everything will be alright.
One last parcel and en route.
I admit, I did not think.
In my opinion, we arrived.
Ah, here we are.
Oh, we arrived.
I do not believe that !
Serious, it's just a detour.
Yes N !
But how are you doing for
to be so carefree!
We are going to raise a baby in China and
it does not bother you more than that!
On the plane, you can not
not control everything.
You have to let go.
- We failed.
- What?
We failed, Pauline does not
will never find his parents.
- Oh there, do not worry.
- We will find a solution.
We will find a solution, of course, we
can take the controls of the plane!
Take care of Pauline, we're coming back.
Yes N !
Well, I say to my wife, you'll see
that they will put us a supplement.
Well, that did not disappoint, all that
to be able to raise the prices.
Me, I never put my feet back.
Where are you going this year?
They succeeded !
Otherwise, there is Greece, it's not bad.
Atchoum!
Pauline!
- And now, what are we doing?
- I do not know.
There is only one thing to do.
- Touch !
- We only have to open it!
Yes N !
- Mr. Tarsier!
- What?
????? ?? ?????????
???????? ?? ??????? ?????
Wait, if you are there,
we are at home
at Pauline's.
This time, you are at home.
This is where our paths
separate,
I hope you'll be
happy with your parents.
Yes N !
Oh, Henry, we have a new baby!
64a is the house next door.
I want my mom.
Look, it's our baby,
he arrived.
Yes N !
- She's cute!
- How are we going to call him?
Pauline!
- And here we are delivered, this baby.
- Yes, we did a good job.
Goodbye, Pauline.
Ah, it's good to be
back home.
- Well, I'm tired,
- I'm going to bed.
- Good night !
- So good night !
So here I tell them, my wing is
broken because of the fir tree.
And they believed me, those idiots.
Will know where they are now.
Ben there!
- Good evening!
- Uh, well, goodnight!
I leave you !
Your wing is better!
Hula, yes, much better.
And you, the baby!
Pauline, she's at her parents' house.
We found a way to
revolutionary transport.
Much faster.
It interests you ?
You will see, it's simple, you
take a tree, a rope and hop
directly to destination.
Uh, it's not dangerous!
Not at all, come on, put yourself there!
- Like that!
- Here !
Wow, then, it works!
AH!
And here it was, our first
piece, a baby to deliver
Here is now our 2nd piece
AH!
Uh, are you ok?
Obviously, I'm an actor,
it's a waterfall.
- By the way, how was the show?
- Excuse me,
We feel that the quality of the game is not
not the same between all the actors.
- Please...
- If you liked my service,
this summer I will play a piece
conceptual where I sit
on a chimney and walled in
A deafening silence
highlighting the anxiety
of this stork
face to the emptiness of his existence!
Yes, thanks, so ...
I will be 12 in Mulhouse,
the 17th in Munster ....
So, ladies and gentlemen,
the big bad fox.
The big bad fox.
Ooh!
Hello !
I warn you that today, if
you're messing up, you're tidying up!
- Hello !
- It's okay !
- A hand ?
- What do you mean !
AH!
Oh no, it's the 3rd
times this week.
- That's enough !
- No, but, I'm hungry.
I do not care.
Ouch!
Come back there kind of male
cracked, come back I tell you!
- Take this !
- AH!
You fall well, I come
to finish your basket.
I especially put you turnips because
I had a good harvest.
Do not hesitate to tell me
what you think!
- Well, well, good evening.
- Hello !
Hum!
- So, my friend!
- So, nothing!
- Nothing !
- Well, nothing,
- Still, I did everything like you.
- That is to say ?
You know the thing you do, grrr!
- Your thing here!
- Oh that.
GRRR!
That's it and it did not work!
At this rate, we die of hunger.
Why not you, it would be simpler!
You go to the farm, you do your thing and
you bring us a plump chicken.
Too dangerous, these idiots me
duck as soon as I approach.
While you, you do not risk anything.
Nothing, we see that the hen does not
you've never broken the face.
If only you did a
a little effort to frighten him!
It's not complicated !
It's not my fault if
no one is afraid of me.
Apparently, the thing that I can
scare is not born yet.
Not born yet, diantre,
you are a genius !
What?
You are not able to
bring back a hen.
But you can capture
the most harmless,
the most naive and innocent
creatures.
- A chicken ?
- No.
A chick still in his egg!
- Ah!
- Good night my angels.
Thank you for throwing your garbage elsewhere.
The wolf, you have to hide, fast!
This way !
BO .., wake up!
- Wake up !
- Not right now, I sleep.
My eggs are gone.
Well, yes!
They may be
went for a walk!
No, it's the fox, go get it
and bring me back my eggs.
Oh there, I have something else to do.
You'll get them now!
I did not even take
my breakfast.
Let me at least take a shower.
- Do not you want coffee too?
- No, I'm trying to stop.
Hum!
At table !
- Mom !
- Huh!
MOM !
- How are you, mom?
- Mom !
Leave me, not the muzzle!
Hello Mom !
Help !
But that is not possible,
Hey, here you are!
Is everything ok, my friend?
I think I made a
Mishandling.
They take me for their mother.
Reassure yourself, it's normal.
At birth, they consider the
first thing like their mother.
- This thing is you.
- What, I do not want to be their mother.
And why not, it's a detail,
we just have to eat them!
- Mom !
- Yes, it's true !
- Not now.
- Oh no.
- Why not !
- Look at them
They are not bigger than a
chestnut, wait a few months
to fatten them up and we'll have
big fat chicks.
A few months, but who will
to take care of them, meanwhile?
- Well you!
- Me !
Out of the question, it's your
idea, you take care of it.
All because you are not able
to scare three little chicks.
- Of course yes.
- Prove it to me.
Right now, it's complicated,
give me a little time and you'll see.
At the right time, I will iron
in some months.
We'll see if you've become a
big bad fox.
Drop it off !
We sleep now.
- A story, a story ....!
- You want me to surround you, too!
- Yes N..... !
- It's okay, we calm down.
Okay, so, once upon a time
three little chicks that do not
did not want to go to sleep.
Yet their mother told them,
if you make noise, the big bad guy
Fox will come and eat you.
But, the little chicks are
cheated and continued.
So, the big bad fox
heard them and swallowed the first,
Gobbled the second and devoured the third.
And since then, we never have
saw the three little chicks again.
Unable to scare them.
What are you doing there ?
We are afraid of the big bad fox.
Go back to sleep in your basket.
No, we want to sleep with mom.
- I'm not your mom.
- We want mom
I have good news for you.
- You found the fox!
- Better than that !
My eggs, my darlings, you are
my hero, where were they?
There, in the thing .....
Well, everything is fine that ends well.
Um, you're sure they're mine!
Yes on.
You would not have them
found in a fridge?
It's not right, it's not my style.
So, tell me since I date the date
of expiry on my eggs?
Oh yes, it's funny!
I assure you, you react from
disproportionately!
Mummy mummy !
- Where are you ?
- There is no more mom here.
Here is the big bad fox!
So, tremble miserable because
I will unveil you!
So, I said, I came to devour you.
Again and again... !
Do it again, mom!
- Grrr, I'll eat you up!
- To me, I want to try!
- Mom !
- What?
Do you want to play dinette with me?
- The dinette, and then what, again!
- Yes N !
It's nice, today, Madam
the Duchess of Berciou!
You will resume well
little tea, is not it!
Madam, you are holding your
cup upside down!
- That's correct.
- We saw the mean fox!
How's the big bad guy
fox, it's impossible!
If, as we have seen, he comes to eat us.
- Hi my friend.
- Oh it's you !
But no, it's not him
nasty fox!
Do not be afraid,
he is only a wolf.
He looks tall and mean.
Big and nasty, but,
there is nothing in there.
It's about me that you have to be afraid,
hold on, I'll break his face.
We can talk to each other in private!
- No way.
- Please !
I will not pretend to be beaten.
I have a reputation to hold, me!
But, if you accept, they will think
that it's me, the mean fox.
And why would I give you this service?
Because .... you are my friend!
- Do you see it now?
- I see nothing.
There, look, the
big bad fox!
Gre .., it's me the biggest and
the meanest fox.
Lies, it's me ...
It's me, the big bad fox!
Mom !
You will take the correction
that you deserve, take this!
Teaser, butor, take this and that!
You bow to power!
- Mom beat him!
- Get me dirty camp ringworm!
Finally, take your time!
Is it really you, the mean fox?
Yes it's me !
So, that means we are
foxes, us too!
Huh!
You realize, we are the
children of the big bad fox!
We are the most crackers
strong and the meanest.
But no, you are chicks!
Chicks, we eat them,
we devour them!
You are chicks, you
must be afraid of me!
But no, you are our mother.
- We will never be afraid of you.
- That's enough, I do not want to see you anymore!
- Mom !
- Mmmh!
It's for you!
Flowers, are the big ones
wicked foxes love flowers?
- Uh no.
- So what !
Mom, you are beautiful!
Knock Knock knock !
Hum, what is it?
I have a request!
Oh yes, if it's for the fox,
I'll take care of it....
I do not come for that, sign
this authorization for my club.
- Your club of what?
Extermination of the foxes.
You are unable to defend us,
we will get rid of it ourselves.
So, if I sign, you do not
ask nothing more.
- That's the same.
- I support you 100%.
I always thought that the car
defense is the way of the future.
My dear friends, welcome to
fox extermination club.
But, what are you doing here?
- Well, meeting my club!
- Do it elsewhere!
You just gave us your
okay, look at Article 3 paragraph 4.
The dog's niche will serve as a platform
for club meetings.
Enough time,
in the program, list the defects
of our current watchdog.
Who wants to start?
Slack, incompetent ....
This is me the biggest bad fox.
- No it's me.
- It's me.
Ah, I'm not the biggest,
but the most nasty.
- But stop !
- The children, at the table!
More turnips!
But, foxes do not eat
turnips, but chicks.
You will eat chicks when
The chickens will have teeth.
- It's soon ?
- It's later !
It's now
wants chicks.
And here, a big chick well plump.
It shows that this is
not a real chick.
- He looks like you !
- That's not true.
You look like a rotten chick.
- No it's you !
- It's you !
Listen, the only one that looks
to a fox, that's
Me, and when I grow up,
I will be beautiful as mother.
I will have a beautiful fur
and all fangs sharp.
So, that's fine, because when
you will be great, you will be in my ....
What will I be?
Well, go for a ride, kids.
Yeah!
- Pass your way, rotten chick!
- What's going on yet?
- Out of our way.
- Otherwise, you break your face.
Te te te te, let Sir
Quiet wolf, children.
Wolves are only
big poop bags.
Go play somewhere else.
Well, that's okay!
Big poop bags!
They do not think so!
Who's afraid of the poop bag!
It's not us ........
My friend, it's high time to
enjoy these small poultry.
What, now, but you said
to wait until they are big and fat.
They are good enough.
But, we can not eat them.
- Why not ?
- because.....
- Because ?
- Because they are sick.
Sick, but they look good.
But, we're not sick, Mom!
La la, oh yes, I'm sick!
See, come back tomorrow,
they will be healed.
Children, in the
basket, we're going away.
You are leaving, I thought
that they were sick
Exactly, we were going to get some fresh air.
Well, I'll come with you.
Well, this ride was
nice, see you tomorrow!
- What's going on, mom?
- It's Monsieur Wolf who annoys you?
- Come on, we'll devour him.
- No, we do not devour anyone.
Help me dig.
Come, children, we have
dug quite far from the wolf.
Come here, you would not try
not to rip off your old friend!
Me, never of life.
- No, wait, wait!
- I do not have your patience.
- Where are we going, Mom?
- Mr. Wolf is angry.
The only place he will come
never look for us.
Hum!
But, what do you want?
- I'm a chicken ...
- You're not a chicken but a ..
I'm a chicken and looking for
a refuge for my chicks.
I would like to help you
but we are complete.
Oh no, the wolf wants us
to devour, I beg you.
Well, I'm fine, I'll see if there is any
someone's place!
But, do not complain
if you are cramped.
Thank you, here, at least, nobody
do not want my death.
- Your chicks are charming.
- We are not pous .....
I should have had chicks too,
they would be the same age as they are.
But, it was not counting on
this fox sausage.
- It's time.
- What?
To go to school.
We do not want to go to school.
Listen, I'm a chicken,
you are chicks,
so, you go to school as
all the little chicks.
But, we are foxes,
we eat the chicks.
Hush, you are
chicks, come on, zou!
And do not eat your
little comrades.
So, you're the new ones, well,
answer, I will not eat you.
Come, I have to show you
Something.
- Ready!
- Ready.
Here is our heart of defense and
extermination of foxes.
It aims to train hens to
to defend oneself and to slay foxes.
We offer different types of activity,
each of them develops
a different way
to exterminate a fox.
If you're interested, you
can benefit from 10%.
Uh, yes, I'll think about it.
Knock Knock knock.
I'm coming very soon.
Ah, it's you
- Mom, we brought back to eat.
- Hello Madam !
What are you doing with this chick?
- Well, we'll eat it.
- He agree.
We play fox
eat the chicks.
We do not play, let go of this chick
and go home!
- But Mom !
- No is no.
Bye Madam !
Children, we do not eat chicks.
- We want to go back to the forest.
- we can not.
- But why ?
- Because of the wolf.
You're afraid of the wolf, since you're here,
you're just a wet hen.
You are afraid of everything, of the forest,
wolf, chickens.
We're tired of you, we
wants to live with the wolf.
He, at least, is not afraid.
So, go ahead, go live with him,
I'm sick of your whims.
The wolf would leave us
to eat chicks.
The wolf would eat you.
Hmm, what?
We have two words to tell you.
It seems like your chicks, at school
have tried to bite
some of their comrades.
They tried to devour my Michel.
- Hello Madam !
- But, no, finally I ...
They say it's cool to be a fox
- They threaten to devour.
- Down!
Ladies, no violence
to one of our comrades!
Keep your strength for the fox.
So it was you from the beginning.
And you strutted in front of
me with my ........
my chicks.
Children, where are you?
- Where are they, where did you put them?
- What?
- But, in the henhouse.
- They are not there.
Impossible, I just talked to them.
They were punished because they
wanted to go see the ...
The what ?
Mr. Wolf, where are you?
Ah, Mr. Wolf, we
would like to change mom.
Ours has become a wet chicken,
do you want to take care of us!
With pleasure, children!
- Do not do that, please.
- Where are they?
In the forest, they are
went to see the wolf.
You think I'm pretty stupid
to swallow that.
If he told the truth, if he wanted them
to devour, it would already be done, no!
Trust him, he'll go
find your chicks.
And after that, we'll be done
with all these stories.
You think it's not worth it!
The wick!
Do not worry, do not you see
I'm trying to save your life!
- BOOM!
- AH!
Well, I would have tried!
You know, Mr Wolf,
we know a place filled
chicks and hens.
If we went there to devour them!
We'll go, but before that,
I have something to do.
What are you going to do ?
Open the appetite.
- Ah!
- Mom !
Save yourself before the
Wolf does not catch you.
He wants to devour you.
Mom, help, mom!
- Give them back to me!
- GRR ...
- Give me back my children!
- Your children?
These are not your children, you have them
Stolen in the hen to devour them!
You remember, devour simple
chicks, you can not do it.
Look how pathetic he is
your big bad fox!
He is not able to devour you
and even less to save you.
- Mom !
- Say goodbye to your mom.
Run away, children, go!
Leave them!
- No !
It's enough of you and your whims,
it's time to finish.
Excuse me !
Did you try to
to eat my chicks?
Chickens everywhere, a real feast!
We are doomed.
I repeat, did you have
tried to eat my chicks?
Myself !
And I'm going to skip the entry for
go to the main course.
Do not annoy him especially!
Get away, children!
Mom will break the figure
to the ugly sir.
Sorry !
We go, girls!
Well, I'm going to leave.
To attack !
Infernal picking technique.
Wow!
Go girls !
Send it as far as possible.
Children!
- The children!
- We are here.
Children!
I am so happy
to find you
So, are you our mom?
Of course, it's always been me.
You're still the !
But, I would just like them
say goodbye !
No way, go away.
Goodbye, children.
Maybe we can
Find an arrangement !
We'll find one, arrangement!
- GRRR!
- Yah, wow!
- It was good ?
- Excellent.
The catch was good, the
throw, a little soft.
I remember, we must understand the
two feet and a remote-shifted
to flatten it to the ground.
In case of aggression, you can
also grab the ears.
Above all, the simplest is to catch
directly the tail and then ...
Well, it's over for today
Tomorrow, bring back your boxing gloves.
- It's good, we can go.
- Yes it's good.
- Mom !
- The children!
- Was it good, school?
- Yes !
- You did not bite anyone?
- No.
- Good.
- So, we can go play.
- Bring them back for dinner!
- Yes.
- What are we playing!
- To the wolf and the hen.
And now, everything is good that ends well.
He teaches you to defend yourself against
the foxes and he sees his chicks.
Yeah, let's say I would have preferred
a less amateur fox.
I'm sure he does the trick,
what's next with him?
It will help us settle
catapults to fox.
Oh yes, it must be damn
love them these chicks.
Now that he is happy!
What should not be
to be happy.
We are already coming to our last
piece, we must save Christmas.
- Bye Madam !
- Bye, Michelle, see you tomorrow.
This is our last show!
Look where you brought the show!
Michelle, you annoy the audience.
They want to eat me but I'm starving
- It's theater.
- Can someone pick up Michelle?
Uh, I'll take care of it, if you want.
No, I'm fine, I do not want to disturb you.
It does not bother me.
That's good, look, she's gone.
Well, since we do not need to
me, if he comes back, do not hesitate!
Goodbye everyone !
Yes, I will tell you .....
Ladies, gentlemen, our
last piece, we must save Christmas.
Ah!
♫ la la ♫
Merry Christmas !
Thank you, but Christmas is tomorrow.
Tonight, there is Santa Claus passing by.
You realize, Santa Claus!
Yes it's good.
And if you were going to make a man
of snow, meanwhile.
A snowman !
Ah ah ah!
Real kids!
It's you who has the Christmas decorations,
I need something that slams.
You know they believe
again to Santa Claus!
You talk about two idiots
who are on your roof.
But, what are you doing, stop!
We recover the snow for
to do the guy.
But not on my roof!
Well, no one has walked
on it, it is all clean.
- Come down, it's dangerous.
- Okay.
Can you help me down,
please !
- Go ahead.
- Ouch!
- But it's not true !
- It was not on purpose.
- With all the snow on the ground.
- Yes, but it's less clean.
So, we have the snow, we miss it
nose, arms, knees.
The TV antenna will be perfect for the arms.
- Oh yeah.
- Stop!
Tree branches will go very
good for a snowman.
Yeah, you always have good ideas.
Why do you care
of these two imbeciles?
But no, I'm watching them.
- We never know.
- Let them fend for themselves.
Well, protect them.
You do not protect them,
you cover them.
They will never grow up.
Oh, you always exaggerate.
But why ?
Ben, to recover this branch.
Leave me alone.
And do not approach your cabin.
- Do you want help to repair?
- No.
He is angry.
But still, his
Roof was a little worn.
Above all, he is likely!
And if, from now on, we
became responsible adults!
- You are right.
- No more rounds, kids.
Yeah!
- Snowmen, finished!
Even the sledge?
Even the sledge, the age of
reason has arrived.
- Santa !
- Santa Claus, it's over.
- No, Santa Claus up there!
- What?
Santa Claus is stuck
we must help him!
Yes but how !
Hold on, Mr. Christmas, I'm coming!
Do not panic !
Here!
Sir, Christmas, how are you?
- But what did we do?
- I think we killed Santa Claus!
What are you doing ?
We, nothing!
Yeah, I see you're trying
to hide something.
Not at all, we unblock the snow.
You move the snow,
well then !
I know you made a mistake
and do not say the opposite!
Not at all, uh, we got
do a big mistake!
We killed Santa Claus!
Ah, ah, ah!
But, it's a plastic Santa Claus!
You did not kill anything.
They are cute !
- Hold on !
- Mmm!
We too had trouble
accept it, but it is so.
Thousands of children will be
private gifts!
They are sad !
They are heartbroken!
I know what we will do, we
will replace Santa
and distribute gifts
to the whole world
so that the Christmas spirit does not
do not die this night!
Yes that's it !
We need someone
to play Santa Claus!
Someone very plump.
With good cheeks, a complexion
pink and a jovial look!
That's enough, I do not have the
time to play with you.
I have a roof to repair,
you remember !
Well, what, it's the costume
that bothers you!
You should do the goblin.
All right, then, I'm going
to do Santa Claus!
- Go ahead, do it!
- I can do the goblin!
Um, you know where I can find
the blue garlands!
Uh, yes, in the shed.
Tell me, should not we
to watch the rabbit and the duck?
No.
- You do not think that ....
- No.
- Or just the ...
- No more.
- Thank you for your advice.
- You're welcome.
- There you go.
- You would not have fattened!
Looks like that
Bullfight a little.
And what are you doing with
this thing on the head?
It's my elf hat!
Since when do elves wear
feathered hats?
Yes of course !
Wait, I have other models.
Here !
This is not good.
No more.
Bof!
Stop!
Come back, again!
Perfect.
So, the itinerary!
Departure point, the farm.
- And for the destination?
- Every household in the world.
And checkmark without toll.
Houla, it's a 12-year journey,
7 months, 120 days and 32 minutes.
In one night, put only
homes with good children!
Ah, yes, it's shorter,
7 years, 6 months and 11 minutes.
- They always exaggerate.
- I print.
Great, we only have to
make the sled.
I can borrow a wrench!
It is to boost the engine
of the lawn mower.
Yes, go ahead, her name is back.
Lawn mower, lawn mower, te ...
And fuchsias, do we have
garlands fuchsias?
Did you hear what he said?
- They will do something stupid!
- Let him do it.
I'm talking to you about something important!
But, it's important,
they will hurt themselves.
If you get involved, it's you who
will have pain, leave them.
But, there is something to worry about,
we talk about lawnmowers!
The worry is in you,
the solution is in them.
- In them ?
- Of course.
- You do not know.
- Here.
- I let them grow.
- That's it.
And what do we do for
garlands fuchsias?
And now, a beautiful sled.
Yes, the Christmas spirit
just have to stand.
Hey, maybe something needs to be done!
But no.
- It looks like she's broken.
- Wait, I'll fix it.
- This piece is useless.
- Go ahead to see.
- There, it's really dangerous.
- Leave them, they learn.
And if we put gas!
- Do you think it's full?
- It's too dark.
- Wait, I have matches.
- It's not possible !
Give me this can and
loose the matches.
(Explosion)
You are stubborn!
Why everything you do
turns into disaster?
Do not worry, I have the
situation well in hand.
I will speak to the gentleman
and everything will work out.
You fall well, this is
a terrible mistake!
Let me explain,
you make a mistake.
Do you know who I am ?
I will not let myself go!
Uh, please!
Guys, the Christmas meal has arrived.
At table !
Wait, you can not do that.
Oh really? Why ?
Uh, because I'm Santa
and if you eat us, children
will have no gifts tonight.
Ah, ah ah!
The other there!
- AH!
- No !
Dad, I want to receive my gifts.
Do not eat Santa Claus!
Finally, sweetie, you see that
it's not the real Santa Claus!
But if he has a red cap
and a white beard.
The truth always comes out of
the mouths of children.
The rabbit, we can eat it!
Oh no, I need my elf
to distribute the gifts.
If he needs it!
So, the pig, it is useless!
- It's not false.
- But!
But, not at all, I
am very helpful, i ....
I'm the one pulling the sled
And guys, is not it
reindeer work?
Yes, but it's the crisis, so, the
reindeer .... it has become too expensive.
While pigs, not at all.
If he pulls the sled, then he does not
do not eat it, eh dad!
Okay !
If you help us out, the
kids are waiting for their presents.
Ah ah ah .....
You are nice, if there was a
mean, we would already be outside!
I have an idea !
The pig can fly
above the fence
and go get the keys to the paddock.
Fly away?
It's you who pulls the
Santa's sleigh !
- So, fly!
- Or, we can eat you.
Fly, but without sled,
it will be complicated!
- But no !
- AH!
- Look, dad, he's flying.
- Yeah, he falls, especially.
Thin, he fell into
the big Dudu pen.
You will see that it is he who will
nibble at my place.
Nice, nice, ouch ....
He wants to play with!
He managed to fly over the fence.
Yes, but Dede too!
They are heading towards us!
Open me!
You managed to open the door!
And here we are free.
Now, we have to save Christmas,
are you ready to help us?
- Oh yes !
- Oh no !
Oh yeah !
But, of course, darling,
we will save Christmas!
So, you have to find the most
gifts to distribute to children.
Yeah!
- I'm going for a sled!
- Yeah!
- I found it !
Come on, let's go dad!
But yes, sweetie.
Lets' go !
I think that's the
time to slip away!
So, that's moving forward, otherwise we can
you find another use!
The beautiful gift, there are some
are going to be spoiled this year.
It'll make them happy, all that!
We can be proud, we have never
had a Christmas so beautiful.
That's it, the sled is ready,
we will be able to deliver!
We will not deliver anything at all
return to the farm discreetly.
But the children are waiting for Santa Claus!
But, it will not start again!
Santa Claus does not exist, they are
stories told to kids.
Dad, that's right
what does the pig say?
Come on, we have gifts to deliver.
He will not fly
all alone, the sled.
Thank you, friends, thanks to you,
we saved Christmas!
Bravo!
- Bravo!
- Oh, yes, congratulations!
Thank you !
Merry Christmas !
Here, he steals!
My darling, you are beautiful,
in this costume!
What's hot in this thing?
Fortunately I do not
only once a year.
Here, the hat!
The kids are impatient!
I tell you there are many Santa Claus!
Whatever.
If, it is obliged, if it must deliver the
gifts to all children the same night,
they must be at least five!
But, he's too strong, that's all!
Maybe, but still!
We will ask him.
Children, guess who has just arrived!
Well, we have the presents, a chimney,
the children are waiting for us!
You're crazy, you're not going
not go down there.
You think it's the
children going to ride?
Congratulations the spirit of Christmas!
But, if the chimney is clogged,
you will be stuck
You're right, go first
to unclog it.
Oh yes, go ahead!
If all goes well, type 3 times
on the wall and we arrive.
Merry Christmas, children!
Darling, go get me the broom.
Guys, you have to get me out of here!
It's the signal, the way is free, hop!
Merry Christmas !
You will see what you will take!
I do not know if there is
several Santa Claus!
Oh yes, and the other, what is it for?
I do not know, he pulls the sled.
Is it not the reindeer
who pull the sled?
Pigs are cheaper.
Did I miss something ?
AH!
Well, it's not bad, for a start!
- Whew, we continue!
- No, we stop the nonsense.
The distribution of gifts
is finished.
- Santa !
- Santa Claus is ter_mi_né.
No, but up there!
He is stuck, quick, you have to help him.
Yes, but, be responsible!
There is no Santa Claus.
Wait, that can not
not be Santa Claus.
They understood !
It's a replacement, we have
killed the truth this morning.
Finally, you killed him.
It's not me, it's gravity,
he was drawn to the ground.
Stop, you did not kill anyone,
it was a plastic Santa Claus.
like this one !
And that's also plastic!
What is this ?
Eho, you come help me!
I will not take long!
- Plastic!
- Hold on, I'm coming!
I hold it !
Do not panic, I have the
situation well in hands.
- There you go !
- Whew, it was less one.
I do not understand what happened,
I was coming out of a chimney when
there was an explosion.
It looked like a trolley
supermarket.
A trolley on a roof,
I have too much imagination.
Thank you, I do not know what you
did, you saved my life.
And most importantly, you saved Christmas.
That's not all, I have
a tour to finish.
Come on, we have to go.
Wait, you are the real Santa Claus.
Of course, who do you want me to be?
No, it's that, I saw you more ...
How to say, more ....
You have to go through the chimneys!
Well, I'll drop you off!
I was wondering, reindeer,
it does not cost too much?
Sure, it's a budget, but, we
use it from one year to another.
- Of course.
- I can drive ?
Look at the
landscape, it's pretty!
Ah, yes, it's pretty.
Wow!
- Merry Christmas !
What are all these gifts!
It's Santa Claus!
Do not tell me that you believe,
you too, to those idiots!
Now you know !
- Buoy !
- Me, a carrot peeler.
I have to find a carrot.
Oh there, two real kids.
The important thing is that all
world finds happiness.
Bah!
Thank you, dear audience, for having
attended our show.
We hope to see you again soon for
to live new adventures.
And on behalf of the whole team, thank you!
Bavo, it was great, we
go have a drink!
Oh yeah !
- Good idea.
- I think I'll go home.
- Do not worry!
- Come, Simon will bring you back.
- We came by tractor.
- Even I'm driving.
No, thank you, it will be fine.
Come on, goodbye, friends!
- The spectators are still there.
- Oh!
- What are they doing here!
- The Salvation !
We forgot the salvation, we go back,
everyone in place.
Michelle, the children,
everyone, come!
Everybody is ready,
so, music!
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-